Wan Fei is dead
Muzer is also dead
Luo Yufeng
Tell me about it.
How much does your brother want to die?
Dare to create my ordinary
I also heard that
When Concubine Wan died
In my arms, I still hold the pieces of Mu Ze's masterpiece
He was faked dead.
Tell me about crashing to death.
How much does it hurt?
Father Emperor
peace of mind
That's all.
Prince's seat
I give it to you
Three days later
The imperial teacher will canonize you
And I want to be the prince
I want to personally lead troops to resist demons and ghosts
Pocon
Let's find someone else for this
Father Emperor
Demon ravages
My country of Qinzhou is already half of the country
Now people are distracted
The son must be the crown prince
Win people's hearts for the father
Secondary fighting spirit
Is it possible to turn defeat into victory once?
Say
The people died
Soldiers died
The sheriff died
How can I not die?
Could it be that the man of my heaven
Are they all cowards?
OK
You go
Thank you father
And the minister retires
Ye Xuan
I ask you about the Moser rebellion
You really don't know
What does father mean?
Moser was soft since childhood
Even if I remember when my strength was greatest
I never thought of causing my opposition
You say
You really don't know
Father, you are just saying that
It's all over